before we start

is git stuff confusing for some students?

http verbs

"are actions performed" - not necessarily the case. more of a guide, good practice, etc. other coaches have suggestions, or think this is ok?

get and post are most commonly used, the others much less, despite what we might wish for. again, a bit misleading?


I've never been convinced by starting with the xhr object rather than jquery. it is harder to do and looks less like many common frameworks than the jquery code does.


"always use async" - does this example? In getting started, we say to make it synchronous! We could say something about production code, 90% of the time, though.

!! downloaded code refers to jquery that isn't in gist. Let's mention this so things go smoothly later.

DEFINITE

show xhr & json parse code after have downloaded exercise files. otherwise both student and coach scroll up and down working what tutorial means

"here is a partial response to get you started" - student may not have seen a response like this and they need more guidance. "started" doing what ? Let's have a nice, clear, goal for the student, e.g. show user's avatar, location.

"after parsing the response ..." - let's put this nearer the point where they type some code

Getting Started
cf notes about about showing detailed code here

!!  set it to synchronous - or don't !! let's just give
clear, definite, guidance at this point, plus some idea why and what might come later.

what's a "readyState of the request"? is the student ready for all these concepts, right at the start?

!! we could make a nice bonus section from this, though.
And it's a good link page, a nice clear example, better than this one found using google - https://developer.mozilla.org/en/docs/Web/API/XMLHttpRequest/Using_XMLHttpRequest

handling a successful req

it never seems clear what kind of object the user param refers to. coach and student have to read up and down to work this out.

maybe the answer is simply to call param userInfo and specify to pass all responsetext along.

publish to gh
!! before this, let's have a "well done, you've fisnished".

bonus section using async and readystate?


?? is the gh stuff helpful, what do others think?



rq using jquery - I'm keen to put this in section 2, as it's never clear what example it belongs to






